--++==** dSHFMH has inherent limitations **==++--

First of all, and most importantly, dSHFMH may not be able to help you with
anything whatsoever!  I have created this application off of concepts that I
had explained to me by a licensed EMDR therapist.  I am not attempting to
recreate that experience in any way, simply to find an effective way to
stimulate, in an alternating manner, the person's senses in a way that will
promote reprocessing of events via both hemispheres of the brain.

Second, it should be noted that, after moving on to another therapist and
engaging in EMDR therapy for PTSD myself, I have received direct warnings from
my licensed professional against engaging in anything similar to EMDR when
alone.  Apparently the EMDR training crew advises against this due to the
potential for a person to get 'stuck' in some kind of looping mental state.  I
do not know the fundamentals behind this in the slightest, and can make no
guess as to whether or not these are valid concerns, or scare tactics to try
to keep people 'in house' with their sales and marketing.  It seems to me
that, based on layperson level research of hypnotic and hypnogogic states,
there is a small potential for people succeptible to such states to have them
activated by this software.  Thus, I do not advocate for anybody using this
alone; hell, I don't advocate anybody using this at all, especially on a basis
of personal liability.  I'm only putting it up because, in a pinch due to the
understaffing of mental health professionals where I'm at in the world, it
seemed to help me with an issue that could've negatively affected my family in
a profound way, even to the point of homelessness.  So if anybody decides to
disregard my warnings regarding this project, I hope it brings you some help,
but understand that you're not doing so with my express permission-- quite the
opposite.  I do hope it helps, though.

Third, and finally, please be aware that this is a wicked rough version of
this code.  Basically, nothing works other than the 'light bar' functionality,
due to bugs that I'm currently trying to work out of the code.  You can't
change settings, you can't save settings, you can't do anything except for
run the program, at this stage, at which point it will immediately go into a
5-minute session of light bar therapy.  If you want a shorter amount of time
for your session, you'll have to set your own timer, if you're inadvisedly
using this program for hemisphere switching.  If you want longer, you're going
to have to play with the source code or wait for my updates.  Hell, you can't
even pause and restart your sessions at this point; when you pause it, a bug
occurs that will fubar execution of the program.

Be safe, don't use this.

